Who We Are
At Accounting Wise, our goal is to assist SaaS and online businesses in achieving their financial goals. We do this by offering scalable modular accounting solutions, timely and consistent financial data, thoughtful solutions, and caring support.

We offer opportunities at the ground level of a growing accounting firm.  We are a global team where everyone’s opinion matters. We support each other and help our clients succeed.  Our goal is to become the number one provider of internal accounting services to SaaS companies and online businesses.  As we grow, each team member will directly impact building and contributing to the company's success.  In addition, we encourage a remote work lifestyle that offers our team members the flexibility to travel and have a good work/life balance.  

We are seeking a talented AP, AR, and Payroll Specialist to join our team. This role is a full-time position. If you have the experience and are looking for an exciting job in which every client is different, you will wear multiple hats, grow professionally, and be a part of a supportive and fun team at the ground level - this is a fantastic opportunity for you.

If you’re not sure you’re 100% qualified but are up for the challenge - we want you to apply.

What You’ll Do
Management of complete AP process for clients such as:

Bill platforms such as Bill.com, Xero, QBO, etc., 

Initiate payments in various financial platforms

Collect required documentation from vendors

Miscellaneous correspondence with vendors, contractors, and other payees.

Management of complete AR process for clients such as:

Invoice platforms such as QBO, Xero, Bill.com, etc., 

A complete understanding of invoice preparation,

Collection of outstanding invoices,

Miscellaneous correspondence with clients and customers related to the performance of the AR function. 

Management of payroll duties for clients such as:

Process periodic payroll, including any adjustments,

Handle hiring, terminations, bonuses, maternity leave, etc.

Work with the payroll provider to resolve any issues

Communication with the client and external parties

Management of expense reimbursements for clients with and without software applications.

Support and collaborate with the accounting team to close financial periods

Responsive communication with assigned clients and the internal team via Slack, Looms, video conference, e-mail, etc.

What You’ll Need
Bachelor's Degree in Accounting or related field

5+ years of AP/AR/Payroll experience

Experience with online platforms such as QBO, Google Suite, Slack, MS365, etc.

Familiarity and comfort with technology

Strong attention to detail and accuracy, with good analytical skills.

Experience in managing and coordinating client concerns and solutions

Has the ability to prioritize projects, set goals, and schedules 

A positive, helpful, and can-do attitude

Highly responsive communication with clients and the internal team

Comfortable working on US hours

What’s Nice to Have
Has experience working with software companies, fintech, lead generation, and/or online service-based businesses

Experience in bootstrapping and start-up companies

Physical presence close to US hours

Experience in managing Accountants / small teams

What You’ll Love
Completely remote position

The empowered working environment that promotes autonomy

Unlimited PTO and Company Retreats

Employee recognition perks

Be part of a global team that values living their best remote life

Being part of a fun and supportive team

Growth and leading opportunities on the ground floor of a startup

To show that you have carefully read this job ad, please include the word 'PRECISION' in the “Confirm understanding of job description” line of the application form.

Thank you for taking the time to consider this position. I look forward to hearing from you soon!

Sagar Khant